Document1 Chapter 1: Prologue — Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse There are three ways to survive an apocalypse. I have forgotten some of them now, but one thing is certain: you, who are currently reading these words, will survive. — Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse [Complete]  A web novel platform filled the screen of my old cell phone. I scrolled down, and then up again, as I attempted to refresh the page over and over. “Seriously? This is the end?”  I looked again. The “complete” was unmistakable. The story was over. 『Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse』 Author: tls123 3,149 chapters  Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse was a feature-length fantasy novel with 3,149 chapters. It was called “TWSA” for short. I had been steadily reading this novel since my third year of middle school. I had consistently read it through being harassed and ostracized by my bullies at my school; when I’d screwed up my college entrance exams and had ended up at a third-rate university in the sticks; when I’d gotten screwed over by the military draft lottery, and had been shipped off to the godforsaken DMZ...Even now when I’ve barely managed to land a job as a temporary worker at some conglomerate affiliate after job-hopping… Damn it, let’s just stop this story here. Anyway. Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading TWSA up to here. I will come back to you with the epilogue.  “Ah...So, there’s still an epilogue left. Then the next chapter’s really the last one.”  It was a long journey that had spanned over ten years—from the end of my childhood all the way to adulthood. I felt a mixture of emptiness that a world was coming to an end, along with a sense of fulfillment from finally being able to reach its conclusion. I opened the comment section for the latest chapter to write and rewrite my comment several times. — Kim Dokja: Author-nim, thank you for everything so far. I’m looking forward to the epilogue. They were heartfelt words. “TWSA was the novel of my life”. “It wasn't the most popular, but it was the best novel for me”. There were many things I wanted to write, but I couldn't bring myself to type any of them. I was afraid that my careless words might hurt the author. — An average of 1.9 hits per chapter.  — An average of 1.08 comments. This was the popularity index of TWSA. The number of views for the first chapter was 1,200, but it fell to 120 for the tenth chapter, and then 12 by the fiftieth. By the time the novel had reached the hundredth chapter, it was only 1. 1 View I was weirdly moved when I saw those numerous 1’s next to the list of the chapters. In some cases, there’d be a 2, but that was probably a missclick.  I was grateful. The author had serialized a novel over a period of ten years that had more than three thousand chapters, and only 1 view per chapter.  This was truly a story written just for me, wasn’t it?    — I have a banger novel to recommend. I clicked on the [Recommendation Board] and tapped on my keyboard without thinking. The author had written a complete novel for me for free, so the least I could do was give him a recommendation. The comments started pouring in as soon as I hit “submit”. — It looks like a new type of anti. I searched for this ID, and they recommended the same novel multiple times. — Isn’t self-recommendation banned? Author-nim, you shouldn’t be doing this here. I belatedly realized that I’d already written a recommendation a few months ago.  In an instant, dozens of comments appeared filled with rhetoric such as “attention seeker” or “dumbass”. My face became flushed.  I was sure the author would also see this. I frantically tried to remove my post, but all I got was a message that said it couldn't be deleted because it had already been reported. “This…”  A bitter taste filled my mouth at the thought that my sincere recommendation had ended up becoming just a stain on the novel's reputation.  If people would just give it a chance, they’d be in for a real treat…  Why was nobody reading this gem? I wanted to at least donate to the writer, but I couldn't afford it as a salary worker who was living paycheck to paycheck. Then I received a notification that a DM had arrived. tls123: Thank you.  The message came as a surprise. I needed a moment to process it. Kim Dokja: Author-nim?   tls123…It was the author of TWSA. tls123: I was able to complete it thanks to you. I also won the competition.  I couldn't believe it. That TWSA had won a competition?  Kim Dokja: Congratulations! What’s the competition?  tls123: Even if I tell you, you probably will not know it because it is an obscure competition.  Were they lying to save face? I thought they might be, but I also hoped it was true. Who knew? Yeah, it had flopped here, but maybe it was a hit on another platform. A part of me was disappointed, but it was good to have an excellent story spread. tls123: I would like to send a special gift to you as a thank you, Reader-nim.  Kim Dokja: Gift? tls123: This story could only emerge into this world because of you, Reader-nim.  I gave the author my email address when they asked.  tls123: Ah, right. I have received the monetization schedule. Kim Dokja: Wow, really? When will it start? This masterpiece should've been paid for from the start...  It was a lie. TWSA was updated daily, so I would've had to spend 3,000₩ a month. 3,000₩ was one convenience store lunch for me. tls123: The paid service starts tomorrow. Kim Dokja: Then the epilogue will also be paid? tls123: Yes, I am afraid you will need to pay for it.  Kim Dokja: Of course I have to pay! I’ll be sure to buy the last chapter!  After that, there was no reply from the author. It looked like they had logged out of the site. A sense of despondency settled in.  So now that he’s successful, he’s just leaving me on read?  My admiration turned into petty jealousy. What was I so excited about? It wasn't like I had written the novel anyway. “Will he give me a gift certificate? It'd be nice if it was the 50,000₩ one.”  Those were the naïve thoughts I’d had back then.  I knew nothing about what would happen to the world the next day. 
Document2 Chapter 2: Ep. 1 — Starting the Paid Service, I “I'm Dokja.” I would usually introduce myself to people like this, and then the following misunderstanding would occur: “Oh, are you an only child?” “I am, but that isn't what I mean.” “Huh? Then…?” “My name is Dokja. Kim Dokja.” Kim Dokja. My father gave me that name so that I would become a strong man even if I was on my own. But thanks to that, I was instead living as your average lonely guy. In short, my life was like this:  Kim Dokja, 28 years old, single.  My hobby is reading web novels on the subway while going home from work. “If you keep that up, you might get sucked into your phone.”  A familiar voice cut through the noisy subway. I raised my head reflexively to see a pair of curious eyes staring straight at me. They belonged to an employee from the Human Resources department, Yoo Sangah. "Ah, hello," I greeted her.  “Are you heading home from work?"  "Yes. What about you, Yoo Sangah-ssi?" "I was lucky today since our department head went on a business trip."  She sat down as soon as the seat next to me became vacant. Her shoulder pressed against mine, and a subtle scent of perfume wafted from her. I tensed up despite myself. "Do you normally take the subway?" I asked. "Well..."  Her expression darkened. Come to think of it, this was the first time I'd met her on the subway. And it was no wonder. There was a well-known rumor at the office that men—from HR Assistant Manager Kang to Finance Department Head Han—lined up to offer to drive Yoo Sangah home every evening.  But the most unexpected words came from her mouth.  "Someone stole my bicycle." Bicycle?  "You commute by bike?" "Yeah! I gradually stopped getting enough exercise with all of the overtime I’ve had to do lately. There were also some other issues…So, let’s just say I’m killing two birds with one stone.” Aha, so that's how it is.  She smiled brightly. Seeing her up close like this, I could somewhat understand why most men would fall for her so easily. Nevertheless, it had nothing to do with me. Every person had their own genres of life, and she was living in a genre different from mine.  We looked at our phones as the conversation awkwardly ended. I opened up the novel app I had been using to read earlier while Yoo Sangah… What is this? "¿Puede prestarme dinero?" "Huh?” "It’s Spanish." "...I see. What does it mean?" "‘Can you lend me money’," she replied proudly.  Studying on the subway while going home...She truly is living in a genre different from mine. Where is she planning to use a phrase like that? "You're working diligently." "And what are you looking at so diligently, Dokja-ssi?” "Ah, I..." Gah! Her eyes were already glued to the screen of my phone.  "Is that a novel?" "Yes, well...You could say that I'm studying Korean." "Wow, I like reading novels too! It's been a while since I’ve had time to read, though, but I–" That’s unexpected. She likes novels?  "–like Murakami Haruki, Raymond Carver and Han Kang..."  Ah, of course.  “Who’s your favorite author, Dokja-ssi?” "Even if I tell you, you probably won't know them." "Despite how I may look, I’ve read a lot of novels. Whose work is it?" Times like these make my web novel hobby genuinely embarrassing.  I glanced at the title of the novel in the app. 『The World After the Fall』  Author: singNsong I couldn't just say “I’m reading The World After the Fall by singNsong.”  "It's just a fantasy novel. It's like...What was it again? Right; The Lord of the Rings. It's kind of like that." Her eyes widened. "Ah! The Lord of the Rings. I've watched the movies." "Yeah, the movies are good."  A brief silence followed. She was still looking at me, and seemed to be waiting for me to say something.  …It was getting awkward. I decided to change the topic.  "Now that I think about it, it's already been a year since we joined the company, hasn't it? Time really flies." "Tell me about it. The two of us had no idea what was going on back then, did we?" "That's right. It seems like it was just yesterday, but our contracts are already almost up."  It was only after I saw her expression did I realize I had chosen the wrong topic. "Ah, I’m..." she trailed off.  I had forgotten that she had already been promoted to a full-time employee after she’d received recognition for securing a foreign investor contract last month. “Oh, right. I should’ve congratulated you earlier. Sorry. Haha, I should've diligently studied foreign languages, too.” "N-no, not at all, Dokja-ssi! There's still the performance review, and..."  I didn't want to admit it, but the sight of Yoo Sangah speaking was pretty charming. Her face seemed to be glowing brilliantly, as though the world's spotlight was shining down on her alone. If this world was a novel, the protagonist would likely be someone like her.  In fact, it would be a logical outcome. While I hadn't put in any effort…She had. While I had read web novels on the internet...She had studied diligently.  So, it was only natural that she was promoted to a full-time employee and my contract was terminated. "Um...Dokja-ssi."  "Yes?" "If you don't mind...do you want to know the app I'm using?"  All of a sudden, her voice sounded distant.  It felt like the world was growing endlessly away from me. I blinked hard and stared straight ahead to ground my drifting mind.  There was a boy sitting in the seat opposite of mine. He couldn’t have been more than ten. He was sitting next to his mother, and looking at the insect container in his lap with gloomy eyes. "...Dokja-ssi?" What would it be like if I’d had a different life?  Or rather, what if the genre of my life had been different? "Kim Dok…" If the genre of my life wasn’t “realism”, but “fantasy” instead... Would I have been able to become the protagonist?  Who knows.  That was something I’d likely never know.  But if there was one I did know, it was… "It's fine, Yoo Sangah-ssi." "Huh?" "Even if you tell me the app, it won't be of any use."  …that the genre of my life was undeniably “realism”... "It's because a Dokja has a dokja life, you see." "Hm? What do you–?" "It's just that some people are like that in life."  …and in this genre, I wasn't a “protagonist”, but a “reader”. "A dokja’s life..."  Yoo Sangah looked concerned, so I waved my hand a bit to show that I was really alright. I didn't really know why, but this person seemed sincerely worried about me. Well, she was from HR...so she would have no illusions about my poor work performance leading up to evaluation. “Dokja-ssi, you really have a way with words.” "What?"  "Then, I suppose I have my own life as well. A sangah life."  She seemed to have come to some sort of a decision as she determinedly turned back to studying Spanish. I stared at her for a while before also returning to my web novel.  Everything had gone back to the way it should be, but I strangely couldn’t scroll up on my novel as easily as I once did. Maybe the reminder of the heavy weight of reality had anchored itself to the bottom of the screen.  Just then, a notification appeared at the top of my phone.  [You have one new email.] It was from the author of TWSA. I opened the mail. Reader-nim, the paid service will start today at 7 p.m. This will be helpful. Good luck.  [1 attachment]  Come to think of it, they said they would send a gift. Was this it?  ...I must really be a reader by nature to get this excited over a single email… Well, living as a reader isn’t all bad.  I checked the time.  6:55PM. I had exactly five minutes before the novel became monetized at 7PM.  I opened up my favorites list in the app. I should leave a congratulatory comment to encourage the author since I was the only reader. But... — This work does not exist. I tried typing “apocalypse” several times in the search box, but the results were the same. The bulletin board for TWSA had also disappeared without a trace.  That’s strange. Was there ever a case of a novel being deleted without warning when it was going to be monetized? At that moment, the lights in the subway went out, and the inside of the train was plunged into darkness. Screeeeech—!  The subway shook violently, and the sound of grinding metal pierced my ears. People were thrown around in the carriage. Yoo Sangah let out a small yelp of fright as she grabbed my arm. She gripped it so hard that the pain was enough to drown out the surrounding chaos. It took a dozen seconds for the emergency brakes to bring the train to a full stop. Confused voices broke out from all around.  "Uh, what?"  "W-What is this?" Cell phone lights flickered on one by one in the darkness. Yoo Sangah continued to hold on to my left arm tightly.  "W-What’s going on?" she asked. I pretended to be unbothered as I said, "Don't worry. I’m sure it’s nothing."  "Really?" “Yes. Worst-case scenario, it’s a suicide attempt. I’m sure the operator will make an announcement soon."  As if on cue, I heard the operator’s announcement just as I finished speaking. — Attention all passengers. Attention all passengers. The loud surroundings became calm. I sighed and said, "See? It’s nothing. Now an apology will air, and then the power will come back on–" — E-Everyone, run away…! Run–!  What? The broadcast cut off with a bzzzt, and the subway became chaotic.  "D-Dokja-ssi? What the hell–?"  A bright light flashed from the front of the subway carriage. Then came a loud sound like a canvas was being torn in two.  Something was headed toward us in the darkness.  It was just a coincidence that I happened to glance at the time at this exact moment.  7:00PM. Tick.  It felt like the world had stopped. And then a voice resounded.  [The free service of planetary system 8612 has been terminated.]  [The main scenario has begun.] This was the moment the genre of my life changed.   Chapter 3: Ep. 1 — Starting the Paid Service, II 「“A dokkaebi.” That was what someone called it the first time that it appeared.」 For some reason, that sentence suddenly popped up in my head.  The subway suddenly stopping. A compartment in a blackout.  It wasn’t enough detail for this sense of déjà vu. Emergency stops were rare, but not unheard of. So why did I keep thinking about that familiar opening of the novel?  That’s ridiculous. That can’t be what’s happening, right? The lights turned on the next moment, and the front door of carriage 3807 unlocked.  Yoo Sangah beside me whispered, "...A dokkaebi?" A booming sound resounded in my head as my ears began to ring. The scenes from the novel that I knew were overlapping with the reality in front of my shaking eyes. 「A strange creature covered in fluffy fuzz hovered in midair with two small horns and draped in a coarse cloth.」 「It was too grotesque to be a fairy, too evil to be an angel, and too innocent to be a devil.」 「And so, it was called a “dokkaebi”.」 And I already knew the first thing the dokkaebi would say. 「&O;#@!&0}#@!...」 [&O;#@!&0}#@!...]  Fiction and reality had overlapped precisely.  "What is it saying?"  "Is this one of those AR things?" I was thrown into another world alone amidst the chattering people.  This was unmistakably a dokkaebi—The very dokkaebi that marked the tragic opening of thousands of turns in TWSA.  Yoo Sangah's voice broke me out of my thoughts. "It sounds kind of like Spanish. Should I try talking to it?" I was at a bit of a loss on how to respond. "...Do you even know what that is? Are you going to ask him to lend you some money?" “That’s not exactly…” Just then, perfectly pronounced Korean reached our ears.  [Ah. Ah. Can you all understand me now? Man, I was having trouble because the hangul patch wasn't working. Can everyone hear me now?] I could see the people’s expressions relax as a familiar language was spoken. The first one to step up was a big man in a fancy suit.  "Excuse me, what is this about?" [...Huh?] "Are you filming a movie? I have to attend an audition, so I need to leave quickly."  Judging by the unfamiliar face, he must have been some no-name actor. If I were the casting director, I would’ve hired him on the spot for the passion in his voice alone. But unfortunately, the being before him wasn't a director either. [Ahh, an audition. I see. So, auditions happen even at this hour. Haha, I guess I didn’t do enough research. I was told that starting the paid service around 7PM would get me the most compliance.] "What? What are you talking about?" [Now, now. Please calm down, everyone. Take a seat and listen to me. I’m about to tell you something very important!] My chest tightened. "What is this?! Hurry up and get the subway moving!" "Someone get the operator!" "What nonsense are you doing without even a permit?!" "Mommy, what’t that? A cartoon?" There was no doubt about it. This was the story I knew. I had to stop this, but there was no way. There was no reason for anyone to listen to a tiny, cute CG blob. The only thing I could do was prevent Yoo Sangah from trying to leave her seat.  "Yoo Sangah-ssi, stay here. It’s dangerous." "Huh?"  Her eyes widened. I had just blurted it out, but I had no way of explaining to her how I knew that.  But then again, I didn't have to explain. [Haha. You people are so noisy.]  The one with the most persuasive power was right before me.  [I told you to be quiet.]  The dokkaebi slowly closed its eyes, and when they reopened, they were glowing a dangerous red. Something burst with a crack, and the subway was dyed in silence. "Uh, ugh. Ugh..."  There was a gaping hole in the aspiring actor's forehead. His mouth opened and closed soundlessly several times before he collapsed, his pupils dilated. [This isn't a movie shoot.]  Again there was another cracking sound, like a melon bursting open. This time, it hit the ahjumma who had yapped earlier about getting the operator.  [It isn't a dream. It isn't a novel either.] One, two—Blood gushed into the air as people’s heads burst open. They were the ones who had opposed the dokkaebi, yelled or made a scene. Every person who had shown even the slightest hint of disobedience now had a hole blown through their heads. Suddenly, the subway had become a bloodbath. [This isn't the “reality” that you know. Do you understand? Now, shut up and listen to me.]  More than half the people present in the carriage had died. The evening subway full of commuters was now filled with the blood and gore from their bodies instead. The people no longer screamed. They all stared at the dokkaebi while frozen in terror like primates faced with an apex predator. I held my breath as I pressed firmly on the shoulder of Yoo Sangah, who was hiccuping with fear. This is real.  A part of me had refused to believe it even when I’d heard the strange message and saw the dokkaebi appear. But the reality of the situation finally began to set in as I witnessed the carriage before me turn into a bloodbath. [Everyone, your lives have been nice so far. Isn't that right?] The dokkaebi glanced at the priority seating. An old woman sitting there wet herself as their eyes met. As if to scoff at her, the dokkaebi continued its speech.  [You’ve been living for free for too long. Life has been too generous, hasn’t it? Born into the world to breathe, eat, shit, and breed as you please, all without paying any price! Ha! Everyone here has lived in one hell of a good world!] “For free”? No one in this subway had lived for free. It was where those who were desperately trying to earn money to survive would gather. But right now, no one disputed its words. [But those good times are over now. Were you expecting to enjoy freebies forever? If you want happiness, it’s common sense that you have to pay a price. Don’t you agree?] No one said anything. The subway carriage was filled only with the sounds of heavy breathing. Then, someone cautiously raised their hand.  "I-Is it money that you want?" I wondered who the hell could spout such things in the midst of all this. But to my surprise, it was someone I knew.  "Yoo Sangah-ssi, isn't that Department Head Han from the finance team?" "...It is."  There was no doubt about it. The company's representative parachute hire and the number one most avoided superior by new hires: department head of the Finance team, Han Myungoh.  What’s this kind of person even doing on a subway? "If it's money, I'll give you as much as you want. Take it. Just so you know, I-I’m this kind of person."  People cheered him on as he dared to pull out his business card. It was as if they were watching their hero stand up to a terrorist.  "As you can see, money’s not an issue for me. How much do you want? A big one? Two?"  He was offering a sum that was too excessive for someone who was just the department head of a conglomerate affiliate to offer so casually. I wondered if the rumor about him being the youngest son of the president of an affiliate company had been true after all. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be possible for someone at his position to carry around those kinds of bills in his wallet. [Hmm, you’ll give me currency?] "Th-that’s right! I don’t have much cash on me right now...but if you let me out of here, I can give you as much as you want." [Money’s good. A plant fiber imbued with the intersubjective agreement of humans.] Department Head Han's expression brightened. His expression screamed, See? Money solves everything.  How pathetic.  "N-Now, this is all I have, but please ta–"  [That story is only true within your space-time continuum.] "Huh?"  The next instant, a ball of fire sprang up from nowhere. Every bill held by Department Head Han went up in flames. He screamed and flinched away from the flames, terrified.  [That paper has no value in the macrocosmic world. If you try that one more time, I’ll blow a hole in your head.] "Ugh, uhhh..."  Fear once again spread on the faces of the people present. Their thoughts were written on their faces, as easy to read as a predictable novel. 「What the hell will happen now?」 Only I knew what was to come.  [Haah…While you’re all making such a fuss, your debts keep piling up. Well, fine. Rather than me explaining a hundred times over, it'd be faster for you to experience earning money yourselves, right?]  The dokkaebi's horns lengthened like antennas, and its body floated toward the carriage’s ceiling.  A moment later, a message rang out. [Channel #BI-7623 has been opened.] [The constellations are entering.] A small translucent window appeared in front of everyone's disbelieving eyes. [A main scenario has arrived!] <Main Scenario #1 — “Proof of Worth”> Category: Main Difficulty: F Clear Conditions: Kill one or more living beings. Time Limit: 30 minutes Reward: 300 coins  Failure: Death   The dokkaebi’s body grew transparent, and it smiled as it faded through the wall of the next subway carriage leaving only its words behind.  [Then, good luck everyone. Please show us an entertaining story.] 
Document3 Chapter 4: Ep. 1 — Starting the Paid Service, III Chaos erupted as the dokkaebi disappeared and people threw themselves into whatever they each thought was the best course of action. Some struggled to escape the carriage, while others tried to call the police.Yoo Sangah belonged to the latter group.  "The police…The police aren't answering! What should we do? What do we–" "Please calm down."  I looked straight into her unfocused eyes.  “Yoo Sangah-ssi, you’ve played the most recent game our development team made, right? The one where the world ends and leaves only a small group of survivors?” “Huh? Why are you suddenly–?” “Think of it like we’re now inside that game.” She looked lost as she mumbled with trembling lips, “Game…” “It’s simple: All games have rules. You just need to follow them. Don’t space out and do as I say. Got it?” “G-Got it. What should I do?” “Stay still and don’t move.”  I tried to slowly get control of my breathing. I needed time to properly accept all of this too.  『Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse』  Scenes from the novel were playing out right before my eyes. 「A dokkaebi with its horns extending like antennae.」 「Corpses scattered across the train like trash.」 「The bloodied office worker trembling in fear」 「An old woman was groaning in pain after wetting herself」 I watched every scene intently. I was like Neo in The Matrix who grew suspicious of reality as I observed, doubted, and eventually accepted. I had no choice but to face it. I didn't know why it happened, but it was undeniable.  TWSA had become reality.  Let’s think. How should I survive in this new world? "Now, now, everyone! Please calm down. Start by taking some deep breaths." As if following a scripted plot point, someone stepped forward exactly five minutes after the dokkaebi had disappeared. It was a man about one head taller than average height with a short two block haircut and a muscular build.  "Have you calmed down? Stop what you’re doing and let me have your attention, please."  The people sobbing in terror or making phone calls stopped and quieted down. He spoke again once everyone’s eyes were gathered on him. “During a national emergency, a little bit of disorder can escalate into major casualties. As such, I’ll be taking control of the situation.” “What? Who do you think you are?!” “National emergency? What kind of bullshit is this?!”  The instinctive objection to the word “control” seemed to bring a few people back to their senses. The young man pulled an official government ID out of his wallet.  "Active duty army lieutenant. Unit 6502." Relief flickered across some faces at his words.  "A soldier. He’s from the army."  However, it was too early to be relieved. "I’ve just received a message from my unit."  People gathered around to read what was on his phone screen. I was able to read the contents without difficulty since I was already close. A CLASS 1 NATIONAL EMERGENCY DECLARED. ALL PERSONNEL REPORT TO BASE IMMEDIATELY.  I could hear startled gasps all around me. A national emergency. It was to be expected in this kind of situation. What I was actually surprised about was something else.  Army Lieutenant Lee Hyunsung. So, this man was that “Lee Hyunsung”.  I knew who he was. It was my first time actually seeing his face, but his name was imprinted in my mind. He was one of the major supporting characters in TWSA. 「The Steel Sword Lee Hyunsung.」 Even a character from the novel had appeared. Now I really had to face the reality of the situation. “Soldier-yangban! What the hell's going on?” "I’ve been trying to contact my unit, but–" "The Blue House! What is the Blue House doing? Please contact the president quickly!" "I'm sorry. I’m just an ordinary soldier. I don't have a direct line to the Blue House.” "Then why are you taking control?" "For the sake of the safety of all citizens…"  As he continued to calmly respond to the litany of absurd questions, I realized how accurately the novel had described his character. But, wait a minute. Is this really how his character was introduced?  Along with that thought, I felt an uneasy suspicion that something was off. As the sole reader of TWSA, I was positive that Lee Hyunsung's character introduction wasn't like this. He didn’t appear in the original story until after the end of the first scenario.  ...Then, what’s going on? My memory felt all jumbled up. I could get a clear answer if I could just reread TWSA. "The prime minister is making a speech! He says it really is a Class 1 national emergency!" Everybody checked their phones at someone's shout. Yoo Sangah turned her screen toward me. "...Dokja-ssi, please look at this."  There was no need to search it up because the top trending topic on every major outlet was “Prime Minister's Speech”. Of course, I already knew the content of that video. — To our respected citizens, unidentified terrorists are currently active in an unspecified number of areas, including Seoul. The speech was simple. The current government would mobilize all means and methods to fight the terrorists. There would never be any negotiations. Everyone should confidently continue with their lives, etc., etc…  I hadn’t thought much of it when I’d read it in the novel, but hearing it in real life was absurd. A terrorist attack…Well, I guess that’s a convenient explanation. "But, where’s the president? Why is the prime minister making the speech?" "They say the president was already killed."  "What? Seriously?"  "I'm not sure. A Naver comment–" "Fuck, then it’s obviously fake!"  Of course, I knew it wasn't.  "Uwaaaaack! The heck?!"  People dropped their phones as the sounds of gunshots went off over phone speakers. There was a loud crackling sound, and then a bloody red filled the screens.  It took a while for everyone to realize what had happened. "T-The prime minister–"  Was dead. His head had exploded on live TV.  There were a few more gunshots before the video went silent. What showed up next on the screen was the dokkaebi. [Everyone, I've told you already. This isn't some nonsense like a “terrorist attack”!]  The people were speechless, opening and closing their mouths like mindless goldfish.  [Do you still not get it? This won't do. Do you think this is some kind of game?]  Its casual tone only caused the sense of dread to build. I unconsciously clenched my fist.  [Haha, according to my research, the people of this country are very good at games. So, why don't I try cranking up the difficulty?] Beep.  A huge timer appeared in the air. It immediately decreased rapidly. [10 minutes have been deducted from the time limit.]  [There are currently 10 minutes remaining.] [All living beings in this carriage will be exterminated if the first kill does not occur within the next 5 minutes.]  "W-What is this? This has to be a prank, right?" "Did you hear that message too? Hey, you guys heard it, right?” “Soldier-yangban! What do we do now? Why aren’t the police coming?!” "Everyone, please calm down and listen to me–" The dokkaebi’s words had plunged the carriage into chaos beyond what Lee Hyunsung could control. I could feel Yoo Sangah tightly gripping the edge of my clothes.  And yet, I still couldn't shake the feeling that something was off. A major character like Lee Hyunsung had appeared, so why wasn’t that guy here yet? According to the story I knew, he should’ve shown up by now. "Some people were killed in the carriage behind us!"  The windows near the passageway gave a clear view of the carnage taking place in car 3907. People blanched in horror as their eyes met the gaze of the killers in the next carriage over. "We have to keep them out! Don't let anyone in!"  People held tightly onto the metal door, but it was unnecessary. Their enemy wasn’t out there in the first place. [All access to the carriage will be prohibited until the scenario has been completed.] People were thrown back from the door like they had bounced off an invisible wall as the message appeared.  "W-What is this?" Once again, the voice of the dokkaebi rang out. [Haha, some places are quite lively while other places haven't even started yet. Okay, this is a special service. I’ll give you a preview of what’ll happen if nothing occurs in the next five minutes.]  A massive screen materialized midair in the subway, revealing teenage girls in their navy blue school uniforms trembling with fear inside of a classroom.  A high school boy near me chewed his nails and muttered, “…That’s Taepung Girls’ High School’s uniform, isn’t it?” On the screen, some girls joined forces to try to break the doors and windows while some girls huddled to come up with solutions. From their determination to avoid sacrificing anyone and to tackle the mission, it was evident that they were a group of students brighter than any foolish adults. The sight broke my heart even more because of it.  Beep beep beep beep— An ominous beeping sound was heard. Then the girls started to scream.  [The time limit has elapsed.]  [The payment settlement has begun.] The announcement had barely finished when the head of a girl in the front row exploded. One by one, again and again, heads burst open. The girls screamed and ran toward the classroom doors or windows. “Ahh, h-how can this…?” Cleaning tools broke and nails were torn out as they rammed and clawed at the classroom door. But it would not open. No one could get out. Pop! Splat! Heads continued to explode.  It was at that moment that one girl began strangling her friend. The victim’s arms went limp as she gasped her last breath. A moment later, the screen showed nothing but the one remaining girl looking around with a feverish fire in her eyes. [Channel #Bay23515 Taepung Girls’ High School Class 2-B Survivor: Lee Jihye.] The girl glared directly at the screen as it faded along with her. The dokkaebi’s voice broke the silence that had fallen over the subway carriage. [How was it? Fun, right?]  It spoke with a smile, but no one was looking at the screen anymore. The people who had locked eyes with each other were gradually backing away to put some distance between themselves. Someone screamed in disbelief. “What the fuck is this?! What’s happening?!” Even Yoo Sangah released her grip on my arm, though she didn't move away from me. Both of my hands were free, so I turned on my phone.  Why hasn’t that guy appeared yet?  My knowledge about the novel clashed with the reality before me. The only way to break through this was to reread TWSA. But where could I even find it? That novel was so unpopular that I doubted anyone had even pirated it… No, wait. [1 attachment] My mind went blank for a second while staring at the email notification on my screen.  Don't tell me…No way, right?  I was hit with a wave of disbelief as I opened the email. The name of the attachment sent by the author was: [Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse.TXT] Chapter 5: Ep. 1 — Starting the Paid Service, IV A breathless laugh escaped me. I rubbed my eyes thinking it had to be a lie and looked again, but it was truly there. The filename extension was .TXT. Then that meant this person… The gift he sent me was a copy of his novel? [An exclusive attribute has been acquired.] [The exclusive skill slot has been activated.] I heard a message in my ears after opening the file. This type of thing wasn’t a surprise if the world had really transformed into TWSA. After all, all survivors gained exclusive attributes and became capable of using exclusive skills in the story.  I mentally called out to summon my “attributes window”. If I'd gained an attribute, I needed to know what it was. [The attributes window cannot be opened.] What?  I called for it again, but the result was the same. It was absurd. Could something like this even happen? If I couldn't check the attributes window, then I couldn't know what attributes or skills I had. They say you will win every battle if you know yourself and your enemy, but how was I supposed to know them when I couldn’t even know myself? …Forget it.  After glaring at the empty air for a while, I gave up and decided to read the text file the author had sent me. [Your reading speed has increased due to the effect of your exclusive attribute.] I didn't know what the attribute was, but its effect allowed me to read the first part of TWSA in less than a minute. Found it.  My finger stopped at an early scene when the protagonist was about to finally use an “action” in the train carriage he had boarded. 「He looked over the people gathered at the rear door of carriage 3707. The wheel of the lighter he held tightly in his hand felt cold to the touch. I will not make any mistakes in this life. I will not hesitate to use any means to achieve my goal. Fear was written plainly on the people’s faces. He felt no remorse as he looked upon those scared faces with a cold detachment. It’ll all be over in just a moment. A moment later, fire sprouted from his fingertips with a soft hiss. Then, everything began.」 A chill went down my spine as I reread the passage again and again. Now I knew why something felt so off. “...3707.”  I reflexively checked the number of the carriage I was riding.  3807. It wasn’t my carriage. The protagonist was in the next one over. My fingertips trembled faintly.  Wait. If that’s true, then what was originally supposed to happen to the people in this carriage? 「He looked through the blurry window at the chaos in carriage 3807.  It’s already too late for that side. There’s nothing I can do. No matter what I do, only two will survive from that carriage anyway.」 Only two would survive. Everyone in the carriage except for those two would die. And I already knew who those “two” were. Dazed, I lifted my head and looked at Yoo Sangah.  She will most likely die.  ...And so will I. "Dokja-ssi, shouldn't we stop this?"  Yoo Sangah pointed at something that was happening. I heard a groaning noise as I turned to look.  An old woman was curled up there on the floor, and a teenager with a furious face was hovering over her.  "Fuck, my mood's already shit, and this old hag keeps sobbing and tweaking out! Why won't you shut up?"  A male high school student who had been leaning against the entrance of the carriage not long ago was now standing before the priority seating. He had a lanky build, and his hair was bleached stark white. His name was written on the badge attached to his uniform.  Kim Namwoon. It was another name that I knew. 「Only Lee Hyunsung and Kim Namwoon will survive in that carriage. It doesn't matter. They’re the only two I need anyway.」 "Didn't I tell you to shut up?"  The agitated Kim Namwoon grabbed the old woman’s collar. Her weak legs scrabbled against the floor uselessly as his hand moved through the air. Smack! Smack! Somebody would normally rush to stop this assault. But right now, nobody was moving. It wasn't long before the slaps transformed into punches. "S-Save me. Save meee...!"  I could hear the sound of a hard fist crushing her frail flesh. Some of the men around Kim Namwoon shifted anxiously, unable to bear the glaring looks thrown at them, but none actually stepped forward to stop him.  Surprisingly, the first to roll up his sleeves was Department Head Han Myungoh.  "You damn punk, daring to do this to an elder...!" But the response to him stepping up was mocking.  "Ahjussi, do you wanna die?" "...Huh?" "So dense. You still don’t get it?” "What kind of shit are you saying, you ill-mannered bastard?!" Kim Namwoon only laughed at Han Myungoh’s curses. He pointed toward the top of the subway carriage with his finger.  "Can't you see that?"  A holographic screen that had been set up by the dokkaebi was playing on the ceiling. [S-Save me, please!] [Uaaagh!] [Die! Just die!] It wasn't just these train carriages or Taepung Girls’ High School, but live footage of people dying worldwide. I saw Lee Hyunsung repeatedly attempting to call his unit with his eyes locked on the footage, but only the empty dial tone answered. Kim Namwoon scoffed. "You still don't get it? The army isn't coming to rescue us, and somebody has to die." "W-What are you saying...?" "We have to choose a person to die."  A few people flinched at his harsh words. Han Myungoh couldn't readily answer. His mouth kept opening and closing wordlessly. The hairs on his exposed forearm were standing on end.  "Why’re you hesitating? Didn't that thing just say we’ve all lived ‘for free’? So, who among us has been freeloading the longest?"  People automatically looked toward the priority seating. The old woman’s face paled with fear. What Kim Namwoon said might have just hit the bull's-eye for the dark malice hidden in the people’s hearts.  "In this kinda situation, the person who's lived the longest should obviously take one for the team. Or would you rather tell that little kid over there to die?"  A child who was clinging to her mom ducked behind her back. Kim Namwoon smirked at the girl, and then turned back to Han Myungoh. "Look, I know what you're thinking. Killing our own kind to live? Only bastards do that. And you’re right, but does that matter in this situation? This is beyond our control–way beyond our control. If we don't kill, we die. Who'd blame us? Are you gonna keep preaching morals until you drop dead?" "T-That..."  "Think carefully. The world you’ve known so far has just ended."  Han Myungoh's shoulders trembled. It wasn't only him. Cracks began to spread through the crowd’s resolve. A world bound by a vague morality was crumbling before them, and the final blow to shatter that fracture came—as expected—from Kim Namwoon.  "And a new world needs new rules." This was the young man who had adapted to the world of TWSA the fastest.  He turned around, and resumed punching the old woman. Nobody stopped him this time—not Han Myungoh, not the other men...and not even Lee Hyunsung. The soldier's fists were trembling as he stared into the air with a lost expression. Maybe he, too, had made his choice. "Haah...I'm getting worn out. How long are you all gonna stand around and watch? You all actually wanna die?"  The crowd flinched, startled by Kim Namwoon’s prompting. Their vivid expressions were as easy to read as sentences from a cheap mainstream novel. 「If no one is killed in the next five minutes, everyone in this carriage will die.」 The looks in the people’s eyes were changing.  「If that old woman doesn’t die in the next five minutes, then the ones who will die will be...」 Their eyes gleamed with the most primal instinct all living creatures have. "Yes...That bastard’s right. At this rate, we’ll all die!"  The first man rushed toward Kim Namwoon. He began kicking the old woman causing her to curl into a fetal position. "Did you all forget? Someone has to die! That’s the only way we can live!" "Ah, screw it...I don’t care anymore." Two people, then three. The ones who had been standing idly by approached the old woman. Even the cowardly men, loitering around. Even the college girl, recording everything on her phone. Even the mother who had thrown aside her child. Even Department Head Han Myungoh eventually joined in… All of them participated in the lynching, contributing to her death. “L-Let’s be honest! You don’t have much time left in you anyway! Let the young people live!” "Die! Hurry up and die already!" They were like prison guards executing a death-row inmate together, pulling the lever simultaneously so that it was impossible to know who truly ended the prisoner’s life. They killed her slowly with progressive kicks and punches. And I was spectating this scene.  I simply stood by and let it happen like someone observing things happening in a world separate from my own. That nameless old woman was never meant to be saved. She had died in this scenario when it had happened in the original novel as well. So...witnessing her death was by no means a sin. At that moment, Yoo Sangah stood up.  "They’re going to kill her at this rate." I grabbed her arm reflexively and said, "I already told you not to move recklessly." The arm in my grip shook slightly. She clenched her fists tightly in an attempt to hide her trembling.  "I know, but…!" "If you go now, you’ll die." Her eyes were shaking with fear. Even so...I realized it again. There were still people who shined brightly regardless of if the genre of their story changed. "Yoo Sangah-ssi. Please sit down." However, the one who could change this story was not her. She wasn’t this world’s protagonist. "Huh? But–"  "Do as I say, just this once. I won't stop you anymore after that." After pushing her back into the seat, I took a deep breath and turned around. My exhale trembled faintly as I straightened my back. I slowly loosened my ankles and rotated my wrists. Truthfully, it was a bit too early for me to step in. This wasn't my original plan. "...Dokja-ssi?" I didn’t answer her, and instead faced the other passengers. It felt like time was slowing down as I watched Kim Namwoon’s raised fist descend. The people were completely absorbed in beating the old woman.  I hadn’t been staying still because I was afraid of Kim Namwoon and the others, nor because I approved of their inhumane acts. I had simply been waiting for the right moment where I needed to act. In other words… BOOOOM—! Now. “Waaah! What was that?!” The explosion deafened me momentarily as the train carriage lurched and wobbled. Screams filled the air. Smoke from the carriage ahead seeped into ours.  It’s begun. He’s made his move.  I kicked off the floor as hard as I could with my right foot. I sprinted toward the old woman, shoving past people who were thrown in the panic. "What the f–? Argh!"  Kim Namwoon crashed to the ground with a scream as I rammed into him head-on. It may have seemed like I was doing this to save the old woman, but that wasn't what I was aiming for. Where is it?  I swept over my surroundings quickly. People were still kicking the old woman even amidst the explosion. In the center of that hell was a crying child. It was the boy from earlier who had been holding the insect container. "Excuse me for a moment." I reached for the insect container that he was clutching in his arms, but the boy stepped back warily. I shook my head. “Please.” He eventually gave in, and I took the container from the child. The unpleasant chitin of a grasshopper touched my fingertips once I put my hand inside. I took one out, and placed it in the boy's hands. Then, I turned toward the people. "Everyone, please stop. You won’t be able to survive even if you kill that old lady."  My voice was surprisingly audible due to the stunned silence that had occurred in the wake of the explosion. One by one, people started looking at me.  "Let's say you kill her. What next?"  My words had a palpable effect. Their startled expressions were satisfying. Well then, should I say a bit more?  "It will count as the ‘first kill’ if she dies like the dokkaebi said, so you might buy some time. But what will come after?" "Ah..." "If what the dokkaebi said is true, then each of you will have to ultimately kill something. So, after the old lady, who will you kill? The person next to you?" Realization struck, and only then did they step back as they eyed each other warily. Their eyes were filled with fear.  In truth, this was something everyone already knew. The old woman was just the beginning. It was Kim Namwoon who spoke up as if to seize control of the wavering situation. "Haha, what’s everyone so worried about? We’ll just kill that jackass next! Buncha cowards. Stop stressing about the order! The odds are all equal!" I figured that he would say something like this. I cut him off with a slight wave of my hand.  "No need for such a gamble. There’s a way for you to survive without becoming murderers." "What?"  "H-How?" The crowd became greatly agitated, and Kim Namwoon's expression twisted into a scowl. "Have you all forgotten? The scenario’s clear condition wasn’t to kill ‘a person’, was it?" Most of them were still puzzled, but a few people realized it too. [Kill one or more living beings.] That's right. The word “person” had never been specified in the contents of the scenario from the very beginning. Killing one or more living beings meant that any living being could fulfill such a role. A quick-witted person noticed the container in my hand and shouted, "Insects! He has insects!" Locusts and grasshoppers were jumping around in the container. The eyes of the humans sparkled as they looked at them. I nodded.  "Exactly. These are insects, right?" I reached into the container, and pulled out a grasshopper. It was one with a plump abdomen that I had noticed earlier. "G-Give me that! Quickly!"  "Just one! I only need one!" I slowly moved back one step at a time as I watched the crowd surge toward me with outstretched arms. The explosive madness that had been directed at the old woman was now aimed at me. I couldn’t hold back a faint smile.  What is this? My life is in danger, so why is my heart racing as if I’m enjoying this? "Shall I give it to you?"  I shook the container like a circus trainer taunting a pack of savage beasts.  Just as the more hot-tempered ones attempted to lunge at me I cried, "Then it’s all yours!" and crushed the grasshopper in my hand.  [The achievement “First Kill” has been acquired!]  [100 coins have been obtained as an additional reward.] At the same time, I hurled the container in my other hand as hard as possible toward the opposite side of the area from where the old woman and the crowd had gathered. "You crazy fucker!" With the door to the cage flung wide open, the insects jumped desperately for their freedom.  Chapter 6: Ep. 1 — Starting the Paid Service, V People panicked as they saw the insects hopping around the carriage. "H-Hey! Why would you do such a thi–" While most stood frozen in shock, a few quick thinkers shoved past me.  "Just you wait, you fucking bastard." "...You’d better find them soon,” I said. “Only three minutes left."  These words were like a signal as people started to search everywhere among the subway seats like frantic beasts. "Got one! Gaaah!" The cries of joy from those fortunate enough to obtain an insect, followed by the subsequent malicious attacks on them, caused the carriage to become tumultuous. "Hey, why’dja do that? Couldn't you have just handed ‘em over?"  I turned to see Kim Namwoon climbing back to his feet. I responded warily while watching him stretch his neck.  "There are twelve people remaining." "...Huh?"  "There were three insects left in the container." He stared at me, dumbfounded, before bursting into loud laughter.  "Twelve to three? Hahahaha! I get it! There’s not enough for everyone to survive anyway, so that’s why you threw it?” "That’s right."  "Don't fuck around." “...?” "No one in their right mind would do something like that for that kind of reason.”  His smile widened.  "Be honest. You just wanted to watch them fight for it, didn't you?" Yeah, this is the Kim Namwoon I know from TWSA.  Just then, I heard a message in my ears. [The exclusive skill “Character List” has been activated.] A window opened in front of my eyes. I still didn’t know exactly what my attribute was, but this gave me a rough idea. <Character Profile> Name: Kim Namwoon Age: 19 years old Constellation Sponsor: None (Two constellations are currently showing interest in this character.) Exclusive Attributes: Chuunibyou (Common) Exclusive Skills: [Abnormal Adaptability Lv.3], [Knife Fighting Lv.1], [Blackening Lv.1] Overall Stats: Vitality Lv.3, Strength Lv.4, Agility Lv.6, Magic Power Lv.4 Overall Evaluation: He is a chuunibyou who has embraced his inner darkness due to a special trigger. It is recommended that you do not get involved with him.  Most of the [Chuunibyou] that appeared in TWSA committed suicide because they couldn't endure the nightmarish reality and fell into despair. However, the [Chuunibyou] before me, Kim Namwoon, was different. The Delusional Demon, Kim Namwoon.  The edgy teen, who later became known by this nickname, wasn't an ordinary chuuni. He’d been waiting for the apocalypse for a long time, so when it became reality, he had been able to adapt to it at an “abnormal speed”. "Team up with me. How about it?" And that teen was now making me an offer. [The fictional character Kim Namwoon has a favorable impression of you.] [Your understanding of the fictional character Kim Namwoon has increased.] My immediate survival would be guaranteed if I teamed up with him. If I hadn't read TWSA, my answer might've been a little different.  "I'm sorry, but I like to be alone." "Really? Hmm, a pity."  He clicked his tongue and stepped closer to me.  "Then move aside, will you? I have some unfinished business with that old hag behind you.” I looked back to see that the collapsed and bleeding old woman was barely breathing.  "What business?" "You gotta ask?"  "You aren't going to try to catch the insects?" "Insects? Why would I catch that shit?"  He gave me a nasty smile.  "There’s already a bug I caught right in front of me." His killing intent was palpable. The character who had only existed in the sentences of the novel before was now facing me with clear madness. I couldn’t help but be amazed. Kim Namwoon was exactly the kind of person I had always imagined. [The fictional character Kim Namwoon’s favorability toward you has slightly decreased.] "What are you staring at? I said to get outta my way." "I can’t do that." "What?" "I said, I won't move." "Haha, are you going to pretend to be a hero now? Or do you just have split personalities?"  I didn't answer. Dark shadows gradually crawled across his face. His eyes that had once shined with favor were growing cold.  “Wait. Don’t tell me that's the real reason you threw the box. Seriously?” “...” "You want to save the old hag? Hahaha! Crazy! That’s actually crazy! No way, right?" I still didn't answer. I’m a reader who knows all of his past, present, and future. Old memories resurfaced as I looked closely at this guy. "Ah, it turns out that you’re the type of person I hate the most. All you old farts are the same." They were memories of how much this guy pissed me the hell off while reading TWSA. [The fictional character Kim Namwoon despises you.]  "I told you to move!” I calculated the timing, and ducked my head. His sudden punch came flying at me before his words finished leaving his lips. "Oh? Not bad," he muttered. Even though I’d clearly seen it coming and had dodged, I felt a wave of heat lingering where my head had been. That was no ordinary punch. [Blackening Lv.1] A dark aura rose from Kim Namwoon's whole body. This was the exclusive skill of the [Chuunibyou] attribute.  It was rare to activate a skill before the end of the first scenario, but here he was already using his. This talent was the reason that the protagonist had recruited him despite his psychopathic personality. “Then how’s this?!” Wham!  The next attack caused my shoulder to spasm. There was no way to win if I kept fighting this way. ...Should I use that now?  Just as I was calculating the timing once more, another message arrived. [Your understanding of the fictional character Kim Namwoon has increased.] [The usage conditions for the exclusive skill “Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint” Stage 1 have almost been reached.] [Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint]? What is this? [The usage conditions for the exclusive skill “Omniscient Reader’s Viewpoint” Stage 1 have been reached!] Crash!  Kim Namwoon's fist barely missed me, and slammed into the floor with a loud crash.  "Haha, what the hell? I’m so fucking strong!”  A shallow fist print was left on the ground. He was beginning to realize just how powerful he’d become.  Crash! Crash! Crash! Strikes strong enough to break bones with a single hit continued to batter the floor instead. He grew frustrated and couldn't control his temper as he yelled, "Aaaargh fuck!! Why can't I hit you?!" Of course, he couldn't hit me. It was all thanks to my second skill. [The exclusive skill “Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint” Stage 1 has been activated.] As soon as this skill was activated, I was able to read his actions like I was reading his mind. For example… 「Right flank.」 I quickly dodged away from the direction of the attack… 「Right eye.」 …and ducked to avoid the follow-up punch.  "For fuck’s sake, you’re a slippery bastard!" My poor reflexes made counterattacking impossible, but at least I could dodge most of his blows. 「Left thigh.」 This was enough to hold on. The important thing was to stall for time. I avoided his fist again and pointed at the timer. "Two minutes left, kid." Distressed, Kim Namwoon’s head swung back and forth looking between me and the old woman. After a moment, he made his choice.  "Fuck it!"  His gaze was fixed on the old woman’s side. I was forced to grab her and roll away from his attack. He would clear the scenario if she died. No matter what, I couldn’t let a bastard like him advance. "Haha, I knew you’d do that."  I had an ominous feeling and, sure enough, he was taking something from his bag. My eyes stung from the blade flashing in the white fluorescent light.  A Macgyver pocket knife. I had forgotten. This guy was a diehard military otaku. Fwoosh!  It was a combination of his technical skill [Knife Fighting] and the reinforcement skill [Blackening]. The trajectory of that blade was obvious even without my skill.  「Heart.」 It was an attack that couldn't be avoided even if I could predict the trajectory. So, I made a quick decision. If I couldn’t dodge it, it was better to get hit on purpose with as little damage as possible.  Shiiiik!  The blade narrowly missed my heart, and deeply cut into my shoulder instead. It hurts. It really hurts.  There was a searing pain in my skin.  So, this is what burning feels like.  My vision wavered as the threat of death loomed over me. "Haha, now die!" One minute and thirty seconds remained in the scenario. I glanced toward the old woman. I pitied her, but now it seemed I really had to use that. "Kim Namwoon, second-year at Cheongil High School. I have a question for you." "...What?"  "Is an insect egg considered a ‘living being’?" I pulled the dead grasshopper from my pocket. Its swollen abdomen was full of eggs. I crushed them all with a squelch. The unpleasant feeling of fluids leaking spread across my hand. And then, the messages resounded.  [You have killed a living being.]  [100 coins have been obtained as an additional reward.]  [You have killed a living being.]  [100 coins have been obtained as an additional reward.] … Multiple messages bombarded my ears as Kim Namwoon frowned.  "Insect egg? What the hell d’ya mean? Are you tryin’ to buy time?" "Maybe." "How would I know something like that? I was always sleeping in biology class."  He looked at my bloodied shoulder and cackled.  "But there’s one thing I know for sure. Wanna hear?" "What?" "This living being is gonna die now!"  He struck out with his Macgyver knife before I could answer. This attack was too difficult to avoid. [A large number of coins have been obtained! Do you want to check the coin usage guide?] I skipped past the explanation. There was no need to listen when I already knew the contents. "No, you’re the one who’ll die," I spat out while inwardly muttering something else. [2,700 coins have been invested into Vitality.]  [Vitality Lv.1 → Vitality Lv.10] [Your Vitality level has risen dramatically!] [Your body durability has greatly increased!] His knife pierced my heart.  Or, to be exact, it only seemed like it did.  Instead, it barely scratched my skin, as if he had scraped a hard rock. His eyes widened with astonishment.  "How?!" "I'll tell you the correct answer to my question. The answer is: an egg is a living thing." "Wh-What?" "And in the spawning season, grasshoppers can lay more than a hundred eggs at a time." Eggs. Living beings. A hundred. Unfortunately, this stupid high schooler was too slow to process the implications. “What the hell are you talking about?!” "It doesn't matter if you don't understand. One minute left."  Now fear bloomed on his face.  "Aaaah! Die! Die!" The knife moved toward my neck. I didn't even bother defending against this attack.  Kriiik!  The cut was deeper this time. Perhaps it was because the attack was in a more vulnerable spot than my chest? Either way, it didn’t hurt much. "Kim Namwoon."  There were people behind him who were still crawling and looking for insects. When it came to their own survival, they wouldn’t hesitate to hurt others.  "You were right earlier. I am the same kind of person as you." Maybe I could've saved some of these people.  "What the fuck is this?! Why aren’t you dying? Why won’t you die?!"  55 seconds...50 seconds...45 seconds... The knife kept leaving only scratches. Blood oozed, but the blade couldn't pierce my skin properly. There were thirty seconds left when Kim Namwoon spoke again. The knife clattered to the ground as he dropped it along with himself to the floor, kneeling before me. "S-Save me."  25 seconds. "Save me! Please! Help me!" "Why should I?"  20 seconds.  "E-Every life is precious! Isn’t that obvious?" "That’s the rule of the ‘old world’. But you said it yourself–a new world needs new rules.” 10 seconds.  "I don't want to…I don't want to…! I don't want to die! Aaaaaaahh!" 5 seconds.  He lunged at me with a loud scream, aiming for my eyes. The moment that the knife tried to stab my retina— [The time limit has elapsed.]  His head exploded with a splatter.  [The payment settlement has begun.] Beginning with Kim Namwoon, people's heads started exploding everywhere. One, two, three, four... They were exploding like fireworks celebrating the beginning of a new era.  I watched the scene with a bit of joy, a bit of guilt, and an inexplicable sense of detachment.  Though, I have to wonder…Why was I able to stay so composed while watching this scene?  It’s as if I’m just reading a novel. [You have killed 124 living beings.]  [Kill History: One grasshopper, 123 grasshopper eggs.] [You have killed defenseless living beings. The number of coins obtained is reduced by half.] [6,200 coins have been obtained!] [The number of coins used for the stat upgrades has been automatically deducted.] [You have a total of 3,500 coins.] [The achievement “Mass Murderer” has been acquired through excessive killing.] My face could be seen reflected in the darkened window of the carriage. It was an expression unfamiliar to me despite having seen my reflection in mirrors countless times before.  I wiped at the blood on my cheek, but it wouldn’t come off. Then, I realized the blood was on the window. Screeeech! The train lurched back into motion, rumbling with familiar sounds as it accelerated. Soon the windows were freed from darkness as sunlight flooded in. We had arrived at the aboveground section of Line 3, between Apgujeong and Oksu. The scenery of Seoul and the Han River appeared outside the window next. Ahh… Someone let out a shaky sigh. It was a sigh filled with deep relief that said “I survived”. But it didn’t take long before it changed.  A-Ah… The landscape outside the window was no longer the Seoul that they knew. Smoke and dust rose amid the ruins of downtown.  The bridges over the Han River had all collapsed. The river itself was dyed red with the blood and bodies of soldiers. Monsters were trampling K1 tanks like toys between the collapsed buildings. [Main Scenario #1 — “Proof of Worth” has ended.]  [300 coins have been obtained as a standard clearance reward.] [100 coins have been deducted for the channel usage fee.] [Additional reward settlement will be calculated.]  One world was destroyed, and a new world was born. ...And I was the only reader who knew the ending of this world. 