Line1 Chapter 1: Prologue — Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse
Line2 There are three ways to survive an apocalypse. I have forgotten some of them now, but one thing is certain: you, who are currently reading these words, will survive.
Line3 — Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse [Complete]
Line4 A web novel platform filled the screen of my old cell phone. I scrolled down, and then up again, as I attempted to refresh the page over and over.
Line5 “Seriously? This is the end?” 
Line6 I looked again. The “complete” was unmistakable. The story was over.
Line7 『Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse』
Line8 Author: tls123
Line9 3,149 chapters
Line10 Three Ways to Survive an Apocalypse was a feature-length fantasy novel with 3,149 chapters. It was called “TWSA” for short.
Line11 I had been steadily reading this novel since my third year of middle school. I had consistently read it through being harassed and ostracized by my bullies at my school; when I’d screwed up my college entrance exams and had ended up at a third-rate university in the sticks; when I’d gotten screwed over by the military draft lottery, and had been shipped off to the godforsaken DMZ...Even now when I’ve barely managed to land a job as a temporary worker at some conglomerate affiliate after job-hopping…
Line12 Damn it, let’s just stop this story here. Anyway.
Line13 Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading TWSA up to here. I will come back to you with the epilogue.
Line14 “Ah...So, there’s still an epilogue left. Then the next chapter’s really the last one.” 
Line15 It was a long journey that had spanned over ten years—from the end of my childhood all the way to adulthood. I felt a mixture of emptiness that a world was coming to an end, along with a sense of fulfillment from finally being able to reach its conclusion. I opened the comment section for the latest chapter to write and rewrite my comment several times.
Line16 — Kim Dokja: Author-nim, thank you for everything so far. I’m looking forward to the epilogue.
Line17 They were heartfelt words. “TWSA was the novel of my life”. “It wasn't the most popular, but it was the best novel for me”. There were many things I wanted to write, but I couldn't bring myself to type any of them. I was afraid that my careless words might hurt the author.
Line18 — An average of 1.9 hits per chapter. 
Line19 — An average of 1.08 comments.
Line20 This was the popularity index of TWSA. The number of views for the first chapter was 1,200, but it fell to 120 for the tenth chapter, and then 12 by the fiftieth. By the time the novel had reached the hundredth chapter, it was only 1.
Line21 1 View
Line22 I was weirdly moved when I saw those numerous 1’s next to the list of the chapters. In some cases, there’d be a 2, but that was probably a missclick. 
Line23 I was grateful.
Line24 The author had serialized a novel over a period of ten years that had more than three thousand chapters, and only 1 view per chapter. 
Line25 This was truly a story written just for me, wasn’t it? 
Line26 — I have a banger novel to recommend.
Line27 I clicked on the [Recommendation Board] and tapped on my keyboard without thinking.
Line28 The author had written a complete novel for me for free, so the least I could do was give him a recommendation. The comments started pouring in as soon as I hit “submit”.
Line29 — It looks like a new type of anti. I searched for this ID, and they recommended the same novel multiple times.
Line30 — Isn’t self-recommendation banned? Author-nim, you shouldn’t be doing this here.
Line31 I belatedly realized that I’d already written a recommendation a few months ago. 
Line32 In an instant, dozens of comments appeared filled with rhetoric such as “attention seeker” or “dumbass”. My face became flushed. 
Line33 I was sure the author would also see this. I frantically tried to remove my post, but all I got was a message that said it couldn't be deleted because it had already been reported.
Line34 “This…” 
Line35 A bitter taste filled my mouth at the thought that my sincere recommendation had ended up becoming just a stain on the novel's reputation. 
Line36 If people would just give it a chance, they’d be in for a real treat… 
Line37 Why was nobody reading this gem? I wanted to at least donate to the writer, but I couldn't afford it as a salary worker who was living paycheck to paycheck.
Line38 Then I received a notification that a DM had arrived.
Line39 tls123: Thank you.
Line40 The message came as a surprise. I needed a moment to process it.
Line41 Kim Dokja: Author-nim? 
Line42 tls123…It was the author of TWSA.
Line43 tls123: I was able to complete it thanks to you. I also won the competition.
Line44 I couldn't believe it. That TWSA had won a competition? 
Line45 Kim Dokja: Congratulations! What’s the competition? 
Line46 tls123: Even if I tell you, you probably will not know it because it is an obscure competition.
Line47 Were they lying to save face? I thought they might be, but I also hoped it was true. Who knew? Yeah, it had flopped here, but maybe it was a hit on another platform. A part of me was disappointed, but it was good to have an excellent story spread.
Line48 tls123: I would like to send a special gift to you as a thank you, Reader-nim. 
Line49 Kim Dokja: Gift?
Line50 tls123: This story could only emerge into this world because of you, Reader-nim.
Line51 I gave the author my email address when they asked. 
Line52 tls123: Ah, right. I have received the monetization schedule.
Line53 Kim Dokja: Wow, really? When will it start? This masterpiece should've been paid for from the start...
Line54 It was a lie. TWSA was updated daily, so I would've had to spend 3,000₩ a month. 3,000₩ was one convenience store lunch for me.
Line55 tls123: The paid service starts tomorrow.
Line56 Kim Dokja: Then the epilogue will also be paid?
Line57 tls123: Yes, I am afraid you will need to pay for it. 
Line58 Kim Dokja: Of course I have to pay! I’ll be sure to buy the last chapter!
Line59 After that, there was no reply from the author. It looked like they had logged out of the site. A sense of despondency settled in. 
Line60 So now that he’s successful, he’s just leaving me on read? 
Line61 My admiration turned into petty jealousy. What was I so excited about? It wasn't like I had written the novel anyway.
Line62 “Will he give me a gift certificate? It'd be nice if it was the 50,000₩ one.” 
Line63 Those were the naïve thoughts I’d had back then. 
Line64 I knew nothing about what would happen to the world the next day.